Pizzascript is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Frankj and 
AlexiuS disclaim all warranties, either express or implied, including the
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and
noninfringement. The entire risk arising out of the use of the product
remains with you. Should the program prove defective, you assume the cost of
all necessary servicing, repair or correction.
In no event shall PizzaTeam be liable for any damages whatsoever including
without limitation direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, loss of
business profits, business interruption, loss of business information,
pecuniary loss, special, punitive damages of any character, arising out of
the use or inability to use the script, even if PizzaTeam has been advised of
the possibility of such damages.

You may modify your copy or copies of this script or any portion of it, thus
forming a work based on it, and copy and distribute such modifications,
provided that you meet all of these conditions:

a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating that
   you changed the files and the date of any change.

b) You must cause it, when started running, to print or display an
   announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a notice that
   there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide a warranty) and
   that users may redistribute the program under these conditions, and
   telling the user how to view a copy of this License.

These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole. If identifiable
sections of that work are not derived from the script, and can be reasonably
considered independent and separate works in themselves, then this License,
and its terms, do not apply to those sections when you distribute them as
separate works. But when you distribute the same sections as part of a whole
which is a work based on the script, the distribution of the whole must be on
the terms of this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to
the entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.

In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the script with
the script (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of a storage or
distribution medium does not bring the other work under the scope of this
License.

Use of this product for any period of time constitutes your acceptance of
this agreement and subjects you to its contents. This program is copywrite
1998 PizzaTEAM! 

 NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE NOTE
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
NUKES are considered DENIAL OF SERVICE and are ILLEGAL. Using these programs
can cause you to LOSE your ACCOUNT or to even be ARRESTED. PizzaTeam assumes NO
RESPONSIBILITY, they are in this script to TEST yourself against VULNERABILITY

For More info : pizzairc@hotmail.com